docs: Explain new primary selection modes (#241)
akka/akka-sdk: docs/src/modules/operations/pages/regions/index.adoc

> xref:organizations/regions.adoc[] are specified in the project configuration. All services in the project are deployed to all regions. One of the regions will be specified as the primary region. The primary region indicates the source from which region resources (services, routes, secrets, etc.) should be replicated from. By default the primary region is the first one added to the project at deployment time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:organizations/regions.adoc[] are specified in the project configuration. All services in the project are deployed to all regions. One of the regions will be specified as the primary region. The primary region indicates the source from which region resources (services, routes, secrets, etc.) should be replicated from. Using the pinned-region default, the primary region is the first one added to the project at deployment time. 
```

> Additionally, the primary region also indicates where primary data copies should reside in stateful components like Event Sourced Entities, Key Value Entities or Workflow when using the `pinned-region` primary selection mode.

Author: This section is about regions in general. It is about resource sync, not specifically about entites.

> The primary region indicates the source from which region resources

I'll revert previous suggestion

> Additionally, the primary region also indicates where primary data copies should reside in stateful components like Event Sourced Entities, Key Value Entities or Workflow when using the `pinned-region` primary selection mode.

Author: nope, this section is about the general resource sync primary regions. That is only used as the primary for entities when using `pinned-region`, so you can't take away that part.

There are two operational choices for deciding where the primary is located:

* *pinned-region* mode - one region is defined as the primary for the project, and all stateful component instances will use that region as primary

> * *request-region* mode - the primary is selected by each individual component instance based on where the write requests occur

Reviewer: Maybe try the definition styling here (with `::`)

Author: this is just a short description and I think bullets work fine here

3. You need to xref:services/invoke-service.adoc[expose the services] in the new region.
4. Stateful components are automatically replicated to the new region. This may take some time, and you can see progress in the replication section in the Control Tower. The event consumption lag will at first be high and then close to zero when the replication has been completed.

=== Switch from pinned-region to request-region primary selection mode for stateful components

The default primary selection mode for stateful components is the pinned-region mode, as explained in <<selecting-primary>>, and you might want to change that to request-region after the first deployment. That section also describes how you change the primary selection mode with a service descriptor.

> Component instances that have already been created will continue to have their primary in the original pinned-region primary region, and can switch primary region when write requests occur in the other region(s).

Reviewer 2: `can` only says that it's a possibility, so I think `will` reads better here:

```suggestion
Component instances that have already been created will continue to have their primary in the original pinned-region primary region, and will switch primary region when write requests occur in the other region(s).
```
